SETUP.md, before:

# Setting up your development environment

There are a few different options to get started:

## 1\. Manual setup for experienced developers (i.e. using an existing development environment):

### Install prerequisites

- MySQL 8.0+
- PHP 8.0+ (with curl, gd, intl, json, mbstring, mcrypt, mysql, xml and zip extensions)
- nginx (or other webserver)
- Node.js 16
- elasticsearch 6+
- redis

### Clone the git repository

```
$ git clone https://github.com/ppy/osu-web.git
```

### Configure .env file

```bash
# copy the example file and edit the settings, the important ones are APP_* and DB_*
$ cp .env.example .env
$ vi .env
```

### URL rewriting

```nginx
# for nginx, with root set to the `public` folder of the repo
location / {
    try_files $uri $uri/ /index.php?$query_string;
}
```

Consult the [laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/6.x/installation#web-server-configuration) for non-nginx

### Initialize database

```bash
# this script assumes you can connect passwordless as root
$ ./bin/db_setup.sh
```

### Install packages and build assets

```bash
# will also install composer and yarn
$ ./build.sh
```

At this point you should be able to access the site via whatever webserver you configured.

## 2\. Using Docker

- First, install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/community-edition) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (on Windows, it's already part of Docker install).
- Install [git](https://git-scm.com).
- Obtain a [GitHub token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=public_repo&description=osu-web) as it's required for several parts of the website.
- If using Windows, make sure it's running at least build 2004 and install Ubuntu (or another Linux distro of choice) from Windows Store. Additionally:
  - Make sure it's running WSL2 (convert it if it's still using WSL1).
  - Open Docker settings, go to Resources → WSL Integration → Enable integration with additional distros (enable for the installed distro).
- Open terminal (or Linux console on Windows).
- Clone this repository.
- Set `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable (usually by `export GITHUB_TOKEN=ghs_...`).
  - It'll be recorded to composer and app config so it doesn't need to be set again next time.
- Run `bin/docker_dev.sh`. Make sure the repository folder is owned by the user executing this command (must be non-root).
- Due to the nature of Docker (a container is killed when the command running in it finishes), the Yarn container will be run in watch mode.
- Do note that the supplied Elasticsearch container uses a high (1+ GB) amount of RAM. Ensure that your system (or virtual machine, if running on Windows/macOS) has a necessary amount of memory allocated (at least 2 GB). If you can't (or don't want to), you can comment out the relevant elasticsearch lines in `docker-compose.yml`.
- To run any of the below commands, make sure you are using the docker container: `docker-compose run --rm php`.
  - To run artisan commands, run using `docker-compose run --rm php artisan`.

---
**Note**

On Windows, the files inside Linux system can be found in Explorer from `\\wsl$` location.

Default user home directory can be found inside `home` → `<username>`.

Due to difference in file permission and line endings, adjustments on git may be needed. Run these in the repository directory:

```
git config core.eol lf
git config core.filemode false
```

---

### Docker hints

#### Services

There are multiple services involved:

- php: main service for php server. Also serves as entry point for doing other stuff like testing etc
- assets: builds assets. It sometimes behaves weirdly in which case try restarting it
- job: runs queued job
- schedule: runs scheduled job every 5 minutes
- migrator: prepare database and elasticsearch (service should exit with status 0 after finishing its task)
- notification-server: main service for notification websocket server
- notification-server-dusk: notification server to be used by browser test
- db: database server. Can be skipped by commenting it out and setting a different database instance
- redis: cache and session server. Can be skipped just like db service
- elasticsearch: search database. Can be skipped just like db service
- nginx: proxies php and notification-server(-dusk) so they can be accessed under same host

#### Modifying environment (`.env`, `.env.dusk.local`) files

Sometimes a restart of notification-server and notification-server-dusk will be needed when changing those files.

#### Example commands

See if anything has stopped:

```
docker-compose ps
```

Start docker in background:

```
bin/docker_dev.sh -d
# alternatively
# docker-compose up -d
```

Start single docker service:

```
docker-compose start <servicename>
```

Restart single docker service:

```
docker-compose restart <servicename>
```

#### Direct database access

Using own mysql client, connect to port 3306 or `MYSQL_EXTERNAL_PORT` if set when starting up docker.

Alternatively, there's mysql client installed in php service:

```
docker-compose run --rm php mysql
```

#### Updating image

Docker images need to be occasionally updated to make sure they're running latest version of the packages.

```
docker-compose down --rmi all
docker-compose pull
docker-compose build --pull
```

(don't use `build --no-cache` as it'll end up rebuilding `php` image multiple times)

#### Faster php commands

When frequently running commands, doing `docker-compose run` may feel a little bit slow. An alternative is by running the command in existing instance instead. For example to run `artisan tinker`:

```
docker-compose exec php /app/docker/development/entrypoint.sh artisan tinker
```

Add an alias for the docker-compose command so it doesn't need to be specified every time:

```
alias p='docker-compose exec php /app/docker/development/entrypoint.sh'
p artisan tinker
```

(add the `alias` line to shell startup file; usually `~/.profile`, `~/.zshrc`, etc)

# Development

## Creating your initial user

In the repository directory:

```php
$ php artisan tinker
>>> (new App\Libraries\UserRegistration(["username" => "yourusername", "user_email" => "your@email.com", "password" => "yourpassword"]))->save();
```

## Generating assets

Using Laravel's [Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/6.x/mix).

```bash
# build assets (should be done automatically if using docker)
$ yarn run development
```

Note that if you use the bundled docker-compose setup, yarn/webpack will be already run in watch mode.

## Reset the database + seeding sample data

```
$ php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

Run the above command to rebuild the database and seed with sample data. In order for the seeder to seed beatmaps, you must enter a valid osu! API key as the value of the `OSU_API_KEY` property in the `.env` configuration file, as the seeder obtains beatmap data from the osu! API. The key can be obtained at [the "osu! API Access" page](https://old.ppy.sh/p/api), which is currently only available on the old site.

## Continuous asset generation while developing

To continuously generate assets as you make changes to files (less, coffeescript) you can run `webpack` in `watch` mode.

```
$ yarn run watch
```

## Email

You can watch emails being sent from `osu-web` by watching the `storage/logs/laravel.log` file. Make sure the `MAIL_DRIVER` is set to `log`.

## Use the API from osu!

To connect from osu!(lazer) via the API offered by osu-web, you need to create a special OAuth password client with:
```
php artisan passport:client --password
```
You can then change the constants in the osu! repository (`./osu.Game/Online/API/APIAccess.cs`).

# Testing

To run test, first copy `.env.testing.example` to `.env.testing` and `.env.dusk.local.example` to `.env.dusk.local`.
Make sure to set `ES_INDEX_PREFIX` and all the databases to something other than production.

Once the env files are set, database for testing will need to be setup:

## Initializing the test database

Tests should be run against an empty database, to initialize an empty database:

```
APP_ENV=testing php artisan migrate:fresh --yes
```

or if using docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm -e APP_ENV=testing php artisan migrate:fresh --yes
```

---
**IMPORTANT**

If there are existing matching databases, they will be dropped!

---

## PHP tests

PHP tests use PHPUnit, to run:

```
bin/phpunit.sh
```

or if using Docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm php test phpunit
```

Regular PHPUnit arguments are accepted, e.g.:

```
bin/phpunit.sh --filter=Route --stop-on-failure
```

## Browser tests

Browser tests are run using Laravel Dusk:

```
bin/run_dusk.sh
```

or if using Docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm php test browser
```

---
**Known Issues**

The Dusk tests currently do not clean up completely, leaving behind test data in the database; the database should be reintialized after running a Dusk test.

---

## Javascript tests

Javascript tests are run with Karma.

Karma is currently configured to to use Headless Chrome by default; this will require Chrome or a standalone Headless Chrome to be already installed. If you are using Docker, Headless Chrome will already be installed in the container.

```
yarn karma start --single-run
```

or if using Docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm php test js
```

# Documentation

```bash
$ php artisan scribe:generate
```

Documentation will be generated in the `docs` folder in both html and markdown formats.

Commit message:

add note about ChromeDriver not working.
There's currently no linux arm64 build of Chrome provided by Google, and
the one for Ubuntu uses snap which needs systemd, which isn't available
when running in docker...

SETUP.md, after:

# Setting up your development environment

There are a few different options to get started:

## 1\. Manual setup for experienced developers (i.e. using an existing development environment):

### Install prerequisites

- MySQL 8.0+
- PHP 8.0+ (with curl, gd, intl, json, mbstring, mcrypt, mysql, xml and zip extensions)
- nginx (or other webserver)
- Node.js 16
- elasticsearch 6+
- redis

### Clone the git repository

```
$ git clone https://github.com/ppy/osu-web.git
```

### Configure .env file

```bash
# copy the example file and edit the settings, the important ones are APP_* and DB_*
$ cp .env.example .env
$ vi .env
```

### URL rewriting

```nginx
# for nginx, with root set to the `public` folder of the repo
location / {
    try_files $uri $uri/ /index.php?$query_string;
}
```

Consult the [laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/6.x/installation#web-server-configuration) for non-nginx

### Initialize database

```bash
# this script assumes you can connect passwordless as root
$ ./bin/db_setup.sh
```

### Install packages and build assets

```bash
# will also install composer and yarn
$ ./build.sh
```

At this point you should be able to access the site via whatever webserver you configured.

## 2\. Using Docker

- First, install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/community-edition) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) (on Windows, it's already part of Docker install).
- Install [git](https://git-scm.com).
- Obtain a [GitHub token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=public_repo&description=osu-web) as it's required for several parts of the website.
- If using Windows, make sure it's running at least build 2004 and install Ubuntu (or another Linux distro of choice) from Windows Store. Additionally:
  - Make sure it's running WSL2 (convert it if it's still using WSL1).
  - Open Docker settings, go to Resources → WSL Integration → Enable integration with additional distros (enable for the installed distro).
- Open terminal (or Linux console on Windows).
- Clone this repository.
- Set `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable (usually by `export GITHUB_TOKEN=ghs_...`).
  - It'll be recorded to composer and app config so it doesn't need to be set again next time.
- Run `bin/docker_dev.sh`. Make sure the repository folder is owned by the user executing this command (must be non-root).
- Due to the nature of Docker (a container is killed when the command running in it finishes), the Yarn container will be run in watch mode.
- Do note that the supplied Elasticsearch container uses a high (1+ GB) amount of RAM. Ensure that your system (or virtual machine, if running on Windows/macOS) has a necessary amount of memory allocated (at least 2 GB). If you can't (or don't want to), you can comment out the relevant elasticsearch lines in `docker-compose.yml`.
- To run any of the below commands, make sure you are using the docker container: `docker-compose run --rm php`.
  - To run artisan commands, run using `docker-compose run --rm php artisan`.

---
**Notes**

### Windows

On Windows, the files inside Linux system can be found in Explorer from `\\wsl$` location.

Default user home directory can be found inside `home` → `<username>`.

Due to difference in file permission and line endings, adjustments on git may be needed. Run these in the repository directory:

```
git config core.eol lf
git config core.filemode false
```

### ARM-bsed CPUs

Tests that require the use of ChromeDriver (both Karma and Dusk tests) will not work inside Docker when running on ARM-based CPUs (e.g. Macs running Apple Silicon). In this scenario, these tests should be run outside of a container.

---

### Docker hints

#### Services

There are multiple services involved:

- php: main service for php server. Also serves as entry point for doing other stuff like testing etc
- assets: builds assets. It sometimes behaves weirdly in which case try restarting it
- job: runs queued job
- schedule: runs scheduled job every 5 minutes
- migrator: prepare database and elasticsearch (service should exit with status 0 after finishing its task)
- notification-server: main service for notification websocket server
- notification-server-dusk: notification server to be used by browser test
- db: database server. Can be skipped by commenting it out and setting a different database instance
- redis: cache and session server. Can be skipped just like db service
- elasticsearch: search database. Can be skipped just like db service
- nginx: proxies php and notification-server(-dusk) so they can be accessed under same host

#### Modifying environment (`.env`, `.env.dusk.local`) files

Sometimes a restart of notification-server and notification-server-dusk will be needed when changing those files.

#### Example commands

See if anything has stopped:

```
docker-compose ps
```

Start docker in background:

```
bin/docker_dev.sh -d
# alternatively
# docker-compose up -d
```

Start single docker service:

```
docker-compose start <servicename>
```

Restart single docker service:

```
docker-compose restart <servicename>
```

#### Direct database access

Using own mysql client, connect to port 3306 or `MYSQL_EXTERNAL_PORT` if set when starting up docker.

Alternatively, there's mysql client installed in php service:

```
docker-compose run --rm php mysql
```

#### Updating image

Docker images need to be occasionally updated to make sure they're running latest version of the packages.

```
docker-compose down --rmi all
docker-compose pull
docker-compose build --pull
```

(don't use `build --no-cache` as it'll end up rebuilding `php` image multiple times)

#### Faster php commands

When frequently running commands, doing `docker-compose run` may feel a little bit slow. An alternative is by running the command in existing instance instead. For example to run `artisan tinker`:

```
docker-compose exec php /app/docker/development/entrypoint.sh artisan tinker
```

Add an alias for the docker-compose command so it doesn't need to be specified every time:

```
alias p='docker-compose exec php /app/docker/development/entrypoint.sh'
p artisan tinker
```

(add the `alias` line to shell startup file; usually `~/.profile`, `~/.zshrc`, etc)

# Development

## Creating your initial user

In the repository directory:

```php
$ php artisan tinker
>>> (new App\Libraries\UserRegistration(["username" => "yourusername", "user_email" => "your@email.com", "password" => "yourpassword"]))->save();
```

## Generating assets

Using Laravel's [Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/6.x/mix).

```bash
# build assets (should be done automatically if using docker)
$ yarn run development
```

Note that if you use the bundled docker-compose setup, yarn/webpack will be already run in watch mode.

## Reset the database + seeding sample data

```
$ php artisan migrate:fresh --seed
```

Run the above command to rebuild the database and seed with sample data. In order for the seeder to seed beatmaps, you must enter a valid osu! API key as the value of the `OSU_API_KEY` property in the `.env` configuration file, as the seeder obtains beatmap data from the osu! API. The key can be obtained at [the "osu! API Access" page](https://old.ppy.sh/p/api), which is currently only available on the old site.

## Continuous asset generation while developing

To continuously generate assets as you make changes to files (less, coffeescript) you can run `webpack` in `watch` mode.

```
$ yarn run watch
```

## Email

You can watch emails being sent from `osu-web` by watching the `storage/logs/laravel.log` file. Make sure the `MAIL_DRIVER` is set to `log`.

## Use the API from osu!

To connect from osu!(lazer) via the API offered by osu-web, you need to create a special OAuth password client with:
```
php artisan passport:client --password
```
You can then change the constants in the osu! repository (`./osu.Game/Online/API/APIAccess.cs`).

# Testing

To run test, first copy `.env.testing.example` to `.env.testing` and `.env.dusk.local.example` to `.env.dusk.local`.
Make sure to set `ES_INDEX_PREFIX` and all the databases to something other than production.

Once the env files are set, database for testing will need to be setup:

## Initializing the test database

Tests should be run against an empty database, to initialize an empty database:

```
APP_ENV=testing php artisan migrate:fresh --yes
```

or if using docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm -e APP_ENV=testing php artisan migrate:fresh --yes
```

---
**IMPORTANT**

If there are existing matching databases, they will be dropped!

---

## PHP tests

PHP tests use PHPUnit, to run:

```
bin/phpunit.sh
```

or if using Docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm php test phpunit
```

Regular PHPUnit arguments are accepted, e.g.:

```
bin/phpunit.sh --filter=Route --stop-on-failure
```

## Browser tests

Browser tests are run using Laravel Dusk:

```
bin/run_dusk.sh
```

or if using Docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm php test browser
```

---
**Known Issues**

The Dusk tests currently do not clean up completely, leaving behind test data in the database; the database should be reintialized after running a Dusk test.

---

## Javascript tests

Javascript tests are run with Karma.

Karma is currently configured to to use Headless Chrome by default; this will require Chrome or a standalone Headless Chrome to be already installed. If you are using Docker, Headless Chrome will already be installed in the container.

```
yarn karma start --single-run
```

or if using Docker:

```
docker-compose run --rm php test js
```

# Documentation

```bash
$ php artisan scribe:generate
```

Documentation will be generated in the `docs` folder in both html and markdown formats.
