resources/views/docs/_structures/user.md, before:

## User
```json
{
  "avatar_url": "https://a.ppy.sh/1?1501234567.jpeg",
  "country_code": "AU",
  "default_group": "default",
  "id": 1,
  "is_active": true,
  "is_bot": false,
  "is_deleted": false,
  "is_online": false,
  "is_supporter": true,
  "last_visit": "2020-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
  "pm_friends_only": false,
  "profile_colour": "#000000",
  "username": "osuuser",
  "cover_url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/user-profile-covers/1/0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef.jpeg",
  "discord": "osuuser#1337",
  "has_supported": true,
  "interests": null,
  "join_date": "2010-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
  "kudosu": {
    "total": 20,
    "available": 10
  },
  "location": null,
  "max_blocks": 50,
  "max_friends": 500,
  "occupation": null,
  "playmode": "osu",
  "playstyle": [
    "mouse",
    "touch"
  ],
  "post_count": 100,
  "profile_order": [
    "me",
    "recent_activity",
    "beatmaps",
    "historical",
    "kudosu",
    "top_ranks",
    "medals"
  ],
  "title": null,
  "twitter": "osuuser",
  "website": "https://osu.ppy.sh",
  "country": {
    "code": "AU",
    "name": "Australia"
  },
  "cover": {
    "custom_url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/user-profile-covers/1/0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef.jpeg",
    "url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/user-profile-covers/1/0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef.jpeg",
    "id": null
  },
  "is_restricted": false,
  "account_history": [],
  "active_tournament_banner": null,
  "badges": [
    {
      "awarded_at": "2015-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
      "description": "Test badge",
      "image_url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/test.png",
      "url": ""
    }
  ],
  "favourite_beatmapset_count": 10,
  "follower_count": 100,
  "graveyard_beatmapset_count": 10,
  "groups": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "identifier": "gmt",
      "name": "gmt",
      "short_name": "GMT",
      "description": "",
      "colour": "#FF0000"
    }
  ],
  "loved_beatmapset_count": 0,
  "monthly_playcounts": [
    {
      "start_date": "2019-11-01",
      "count": 100
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2019-12-01",
      "count": 150
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2020-01-01",
      "count": 20
    }
  ],
  "page": {
    "html": "<div class='bbcode bbcode--profile-page'><center>Hello</center></div>",
    "raw": "[centre]Hello[/centre]"
  },
  "previous_usernames": [],
  "ranked_and_approved_beatmapset_count": 10,
  "replays_watched_counts": [
    {
      "start_date": "2019-11-01",
      "count": 10
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2019-12-01",
      "count": 12
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2020-01-01",
      "count": 1
    }
  ],
  "scores_first_count": 0,
  "statistics": {
    "level": {
      "current": 60,
      "progress": 55
    },
    "pp": 100,
    "global_rank": 2000,
    "ranked_score": 2000000,
    "hit_accuracy": 90.5,
    "play_count": 1000,
    "play_time": 100000,
    "total_score": 3000000,
    "total_hits": 6000,
    "maximum_combo": 500,
    "replays_watched_by_others": 270,
    "is_ranked": true,
    "grade_counts": {
      "ss": 10,
      "ssh": 5,
      "s": 50,
      "sh": 0,
      "a": 40
    },
    "rank": {
      "global": 15000,
      "country": 30000
    }
  },
  "support_level": 3,
  "unranked_beatmapset_count": 0,
  "user_achievements": [
    {
      "achieved_at": "2020-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
      "achievement_id": 1
    }
  ],
  "rank_history": {
    "mode": "osu",
    "data": [
      16200,
      15500,
      15000
    ]
  }
}
```

Represents a User. Extends [UserCompact](#usercompact) object with additional attributes.

Field            | Type                               | Description
---------------- | ---------------------------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------
cover_url        | string                             | url of profile cover. Deprecated, use cover.url instead.
discord          | string?                            | |
has_supported    | boolean                            | whether or not ever being a supporter in the past
interests        | string?                            | |
join_date        | Timestamp                          | |
kudosu.available | number                             | |
kudosu.total     | number                             | |
location         | string?                            | |
max_blocks       | number                             | maximum number of users allowed to be blocked
max_friends      | number                             | maximum number of friends allowed to be added
occupation       | string?                            | |
playmode         | [GameMode](#gamemode)              | |
playstyle        | string[]                           | Device choices of the user.
post_count       | number                             | number of forum posts
profile_order    | [ProfilePage](#user-profilepage)[] | ordered array of sections in user profile page
title            | string?                            | user-specific title
title_url        | string?                            | |
twitter          | string?                            | |
website          | string?                            | |

In addition, the following [optional attributes on UserCompact](#usercompact-optionalattributes) are always included:

- country
- cover
- is_restricted

<div id="user-profilepage" data-unique="user-profilepage"></div>

### ProfilePage

| Section         |
|-----------------|
| me              |
| recent_activity |
| beatmaps        |
| historical      |
| kudosu          |
| top_ranks       |
| medals          |

Commit message:

Only include is_restricted when viewing own user or not API

resources/views/docs/_structures/user.md, after:

## User
```json
{
  "avatar_url": "https://a.ppy.sh/1?1501234567.jpeg",
  "country_code": "AU",
  "default_group": "default",
  "id": 1,
  "is_active": true,
  "is_bot": false,
  "is_deleted": false,
  "is_online": false,
  "is_supporter": true,
  "last_visit": "2020-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
  "pm_friends_only": false,
  "profile_colour": "#000000",
  "username": "osuuser",
  "cover_url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/user-profile-covers/1/0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef.jpeg",
  "discord": "osuuser#1337",
  "has_supported": true,
  "interests": null,
  "join_date": "2010-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
  "kudosu": {
    "total": 20,
    "available": 10
  },
  "location": null,
  "max_blocks": 50,
  "max_friends": 500,
  "occupation": null,
  "playmode": "osu",
  "playstyle": [
    "mouse",
    "touch"
  ],
  "post_count": 100,
  "profile_order": [
    "me",
    "recent_activity",
    "beatmaps",
    "historical",
    "kudosu",
    "top_ranks",
    "medals"
  ],
  "title": null,
  "twitter": "osuuser",
  "website": "https://osu.ppy.sh",
  "country": {
    "code": "AU",
    "name": "Australia"
  },
  "cover": {
    "custom_url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/user-profile-covers/1/0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef.jpeg",
    "url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/user-profile-covers/1/0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef.jpeg",
    "id": null
  },
  "is_restricted": false,
  "account_history": [],
  "active_tournament_banner": null,
  "badges": [
    {
      "awarded_at": "2015-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
      "description": "Test badge",
      "image_url": "https://assets.ppy.sh/profile-badges/test.png",
      "url": ""
    }
  ],
  "favourite_beatmapset_count": 10,
  "follower_count": 100,
  "graveyard_beatmapset_count": 10,
  "groups": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "identifier": "gmt",
      "name": "gmt",
      "short_name": "GMT",
      "description": "",
      "colour": "#FF0000"
    }
  ],
  "loved_beatmapset_count": 0,
  "monthly_playcounts": [
    {
      "start_date": "2019-11-01",
      "count": 100
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2019-12-01",
      "count": 150
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2020-01-01",
      "count": 20
    }
  ],
  "page": {
    "html": "<div class='bbcode bbcode--profile-page'><center>Hello</center></div>",
    "raw": "[centre]Hello[/centre]"
  },
  "previous_usernames": [],
  "ranked_and_approved_beatmapset_count": 10,
  "replays_watched_counts": [
    {
      "start_date": "2019-11-01",
      "count": 10
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2019-12-01",
      "count": 12
    },
    {
      "start_date": "2020-01-01",
      "count": 1
    }
  ],
  "scores_first_count": 0,
  "statistics": {
    "level": {
      "current": 60,
      "progress": 55
    },
    "pp": 100,
    "global_rank": 2000,
    "ranked_score": 2000000,
    "hit_accuracy": 90.5,
    "play_count": 1000,
    "play_time": 100000,
    "total_score": 3000000,
    "total_hits": 6000,
    "maximum_combo": 500,
    "replays_watched_by_others": 270,
    "is_ranked": true,
    "grade_counts": {
      "ss": 10,
      "ssh": 5,
      "s": 50,
      "sh": 0,
      "a": 40
    },
    "rank": {
      "global": 15000,
      "country": 30000
    }
  },
  "support_level": 3,
  "unranked_beatmapset_count": 0,
  "user_achievements": [
    {
      "achieved_at": "2020-01-01T00:00:00+00:00",
      "achievement_id": 1
    }
  ],
  "rank_history": {
    "mode": "osu",
    "data": [
      16200,
      15500,
      15000
    ]
  }
}
```

Represents a User. Extends [UserCompact](#usercompact) object with additional attributes.

Field            | Type                               | Description
---------------- | ---------------------------------- | -----------------------------------------------------------
cover_url        | string                             | url of profile cover. Deprecated, use cover.url instead.
discord          | string?                            | |
has_supported    | boolean                            | whether or not ever being a supporter in the past
interests        | string?                            | |
join_date        | Timestamp                          | |
kudosu.available | number                             | |
kudosu.total     | number                             | |
location         | string?                            | |
max_blocks       | number                             | maximum number of users allowed to be blocked
max_friends      | number                             | maximum number of friends allowed to be added
occupation       | string?                            | |
playmode         | [GameMode](#gamemode)              | |
playstyle        | string[]                           | Device choices of the user.
post_count       | number                             | number of forum posts
profile_order    | [ProfilePage](#user-profilepage)[] | ordered array of sections in user profile page
title            | string?                            | user-specific title
title_url        | string?                            | |
twitter          | string?                            | |
website          | string?                            | |

In addition, the following [optional attributes on UserCompact](#usercompact-optionalattributes) are included:

- country
- cover
- is_restricted (present only if this is the currently authenticated user)

<div id="user-profilepage" data-unique="user-profilepage"></div>

### ProfilePage

| Section         |
|-----------------|
| me              |
| recent_activity |
| beatmaps        |
| historical      |
| kudosu          |
| top_ranks       |
| medals          |
